Following their successful heist in Brazil,
Dominic Toretto and his professional criminal
crew have fled around the world and are living
peacefully: Dom lives with Elena Neves; his
sister Mia Toretto lives with Brian O'Conner
and their son, Jack; Gisele Yashar and Han
Seoul-Oh are together; and Roman Pearce and
Tej Parker live in luxury.
Meanwhile, DSS agents Luke Hobbs and Riley
Hicks investigate the destruction of a Russian
military convoy by a crew led by former British
SAS Major and special ops soldier Owen Shaw.
Hobbs persuades Dom to help capture Shaw by
showing him a photo of his supposedly murdered
girlfriend, Letty.
Dom and his crew accept the mission in exchange
for their amnesty and allowing them to return
to the United States.
In London, Shaw's hideout is found, but this
is revealed to be a trap, distracting them
and the police while Shaw's crew performs
a heist at an Interpol building.
Shaw flees by car, detonating his hideout
and disabling most of the police, leaving
Dom, and his crew, along with Hobbs
and Riley, to pursue him.
Letty arrives to help Shaw, shooting Dom without
hesitation before escaping.
Back at their headquarters, Hobbs tells Dom's
crew that Shaw is stealing components to create
a deadly device, intending to sell it to the
highest bidder.
Meanwhile, Shaw's investigation into the opposing
crew reveals Letty's relationship with Dom,
but she is revealed to be suffering from amnesia.
Dominic's crew learns that Shaw is connected
to a drug lord who was imprisoned by Brian,
Arturo Braga.
Brian returns to Los Angeles as a prisoner
to question Braga, who says Letty survived
the explosion that seemingly killed her; Shaw
took her in after discovering her amnesia.
With FBI's help, Brian is released from prison,
regrouping with the team in London.
Dom challenges Letty in a street racing competition;
afterward, he returns her cross necklace he
had kept.
After Letty leaves, Shaw offers Dom a chance
to walk away, threatening to otherwise hurt
his family, but Dom refuses.
Tej tracks Shaw's next attack to a Spanish
NATO base.
Shaw's crew assaults a highway military convoy
carrying a computer chip to complete his device.
Dom's crew interferes, while Shaw, accompanied
by Letty, commandeers a tank, destroying cars
en route.
Brian and Roman flip the tank before it causes
further damage, resulting in Letty being thrown
from the vehicle, though Dom saves her.
Shaw and his crew are captured, but reveal
Mia has been kidnapped by Shaw's henchmen
Vegh and Klaus.
Hobbs is forced to release Shaw, and Riley,
who is revealed to be Shaw's covert accomplice,
leaves with him; Letty chooses to remain with
Dom.
Shaw's group board a moving Antonov An-124
on an exceptionally long runway as Dom's crew
gives chase.
Dom, Letty, and Brian board the craft; Brian
rescues Mia, escaping in an Alfa Romeo Giulietta.
The plane attempts to take-off but is held
down by excess weight as the rest of the team
tether the plane to their vehicles.
Gisele sacrifices herself to save Han from
Shaw's henchman.
Letty kills Riley and escapes with Hobbs to
safety, but Dom pursues Shaw and the computer
chip.
As the plane crashes into the ground, Shaw
is thrown from it, and Dom drives a car out
of the exploding plane.
Dom reunites with his crew and gives the chip
to Hobbs to secure their pardons.
Dom and the others return to his old family
home in Los Angeles, where Dom and his crew
have a gathering to share a meal.
Meanwhile, Hobbs and Elena work together,
arrive to confirm the crew's freedom; and Elena
accepts that Dom loves Letty.
In a mid-credits scene, Han is involved in a car chase when he is suddenly broadsided
by an oncoming car.
The driver walks away after leaving Letty's
cross necklace by the crash, and calls Dom
saying: "Dominic Toretto, you don't know me,
but, you're about to," as Han's car explodes,
apparently killing Han.